The music department was dimly lit, the soft glow of Christmas lights wrapping around the columns casting a warm and cozy ambiance. 
The chill of December shrouded around the girls as they huddled together on the entrance steps, focused on their final exams. 
Wrapped in their jackets, Olga and Jennifer engaged in a lively conversation as Mercedez joined them, her charismatic presence 
lighting up the dimly lit area as she flipped through her notes.
Ugh, can you believe we're stuck doing exams on such a beautiful night? I heard there might be a party going on.
I really wanted to let loose after all this studying.
Olga Sokolov, the energetic computer science major, let out a sigh, her eyes fixed on the window.
I know, right?! I’ve missed a couple of good ones already. I need some excitement in my life!
How about we finish this quickly and check if there's still something happening somewhere?
There’s got to be someone on this campus hosting something.
And whose fault is that for leaving it for the last minute?
Jennifer stated with a laugh, arms crossed over her chest.
Olga and Mercedez mumbled and grumbled something under their breaths as they kept working away.
Andrea Menendez, the ambitious history major, looked up from her books, a determined glint in her eyes.
Parties are for the weak, it’s probably why your grades aren’t the sharpest. I've got my eyes on success.
Besides, have you even taken a step outside today? The cops have been everywhere, I mean everywhere, 
and the traffic is a nightmare. Not sure it's worth it.
Hey come on, don’t tease them like that. As long as they pass their classes, it’s what 
matters at the end of the day. It’s been a rough semester for everyone.
Yeah yeah, C’s get degrees, but so what? You’re literally getting a free education, 
might as well put your time and money worth to use. I’m just trying to look out for you girls.
Ruyi Wu, the reserved criminal justice major, spoke up this time, her gaze fixed on her textbook.
I get what you mean, but also no - about the cops I mean.
The girls paused what they were doing to look at their friend, the conversation shifting back to the occurrences of the day.
I've been avoiding social media and the news this week since finals have been my top priority,
but I kinda understand what you mean. From my dorm this morning, the traffic looked horrible, super congested. 
Police sirens have been going off all day.
I know the school does police drills for shootings and stuff all the time, I think it’s almost a year thing.
You know, those random emails we get about them doing practice tests and stuff. Maybe it was one of those.
Olga and Jennifer shared a tired expression and shrugged it off. Miami having horrible traffic or weird 
events happening was nothing new. Suddenly, Andrea stood up, a triumphant grin on her face.
Alright, I passed this wretched exam! Now, let's—
Her words were cut short as she and the others turned to see a couple sprinting desperately in front of them,
running from a handful of people behind them. Confusion and concern spread across their faces as
they realized the group was fleeing from something.
What's going on out there?
Suddenly, a deafening boom echoed through the night. The girls rushed to see where the sound originated 
from, their eyes widening in shock as they witnessed a trail of smoke in the horizon. It seems either a car
or house had caught on fire as it was on the opposite side of the school, past the fairgrounds and the main street.
Is that a fire? It’s a fire right? What's happening?
A guttural groan reached their ears, and their hearts pounded as they turned to see the source
of the disturbance—a horrifying sight they never expected.
What- what is that?! That... that's a zombie!
		How To Play
Welcome to the first level of our tower defense game set at FIU! 
Your mission is to guide your team through the zombie-infested campus and make it back home safely. Let's get started!
Objective: Your goal is to safely navigate two of your characters through the campus to reach their dorm and call for help.
The characters you’ll playing with for this level are: Olga Sokolov and Andrea Menendez
Placement: Click and drag Olga and Andrea from the character menu to strategic locations on the map.
Consider their range and abilities. Olga is more agile, while Andrea packs a powerful punch.
Movement: Characters will not move, but they will automatically attack once a zombie is in their tile proximity.
Which is the highlighted area. You can also check which way you'd like the characters to face.
Zombies will approach from various directions. Olga and Andrea will automatically attack within their designated ranges.
Each character has a health bar. If a character's health depletes, they are temporarily out of the game.
Don't worry; they'll respawn in the character menu after a cooldown period. 
Keep an eye on the respawn timer in the character menu as it is different for each character.
Once both Olga and Andrea have defeated all the waves of zombies, you've successfully completed the Level!
If zombies breach past them, don't worry! You can try again. Adjust your strategy and placement for a better outcome.
Good luck! The fate of these girls rests in your hands.