The group exchanged somber glances as they looked at the scene in front of them, realizing the harsh truth—they weren’t able to help. Both
bodies laid there motionless, but something was learned from this interaction. The person would turn almost instantly after being bitten.
Silently, they made their way up the stairs, the atmosphere heavy with the weight of the unspoken.
The third floor of DM greeted them with an eerie quiet, but shock replaced the silence when they took in their surroundings. Zombies,
some appearing faster than others, roamed the halls. Some were grouped in hordes, creating a sinister tableau of the unknown.
This is... this is worse than we thought. They're everywhere. Shouldn’t some of them be stuck
in their dorms, rooms, or something? Why is it that they’re all outside?
Andrea surveyed the area and shook her head, not liking the situation at all.
We can't stay here. We need to make it to the Green Library.
But look at them. How are we going to get through? Some of them are walking so fast, I’d say they’re even running, some of them are 
clustered in groups, it's like a nightmare. I can’t even tell when they turned into zombies.
Jennifer surveyed the scene, her strategic mind working quickly.
I see a path. We'll have to run for it though, and we need to do it together. On my mark, okay?
As the group steeled themselves, the tension in the air thickened. Jennifer raised her hand, signaling the impending sprint down the three
flights of stairs by the side of the building facing the library, then straight across into the building.
With determination in their eyes, the group raced through the unmarked path, their survival hanging in the balance.
The Green Library's welcoming glow seemed so close, a beacon of refuge in the chaos. 
However, their hopes were shattered as a thunderous screech echoed through the air.
Another horde of zombies emerged, racing toward them with relentless determination 
and the girls stood their ground, facing them head on, charging into battle. 